# TriviaQuiz_WebApp

Web application for playing trivia quizzes by answering questions, multiple choice or true/false, generated by Open Trivia DB API

## Features 
- Browse questions (uncategorized & multidifficulty).
- Filter displayed questions by category, level of difficulty and question text term.
- On answer selection, all answers decorated accordingly. Your selected answer is green then its the correct one.


## Technologies used
- ASP.NET MVC 
- Entity Framework Core 7
- C#
- HTML/CSS
- JavaScript
- SQL Server 

## Getting Started

To run the TriviaQuiz_WebApp project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/ThSim/TriviaQuiz_WebApp.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd TriviaQuiz_WebApp`
3. Install the required dependencies using the package manager: `dotnet restore`
4. Set up the database connection string in the `appsettings.json` file.
6. Start the application: `dotnet run`
7. Open your web browser and access the application at "now listening on url"

## Configuration

You can modify the following configuration settings in the `appsettings.json` file:

- Database connection string: Set the connection string for the database.

## Usage instructions 

- From the home screen click on 'Start Quizz' to navigate to the Questions page, where questions are listed.
- When the user clicks on an answer it expands and the answers are listed.
- User select an answer, then the incorrect ones change to red font, and the correct to green.
- The user can select an answer once for each question.
- Bellow the list of questions, there is a button to fetch the next 10 questions.
- Each set can be filtered by category, difficulty or question text :
	On the top of the page the user may fill those fields and click 'Filter' button. 
	When fetching the next question set no filters are applied. 
- The 'Home' button re-starts the quiz, by deleting all saved to local DB questions, and populating -under a new session- questions from Open Trivia API.
